[Music]
hi my sons xd i bring you more pack
of weapons plus the good subject without more than
say start the video
[Music]
well go to the link of the description of
video that I'll let you download the
archive
once finished downloading the
file we will proceed to extract the
installer
I get this because I already have it x
of well already extracted we open the
installer
we extract the files where
installed the counter in my case is wayward
fit programs files and counter strike
1.6
we accept and extract and they will start
extract the files
I get this because I already have it
extracted xdddd you give yes to everything and
ready we wait for them to finish
install
[Music]
now a try appointment of the pack I hope and
like it
[Music]
as you can see the background image has
also changed the background music and
finally the color of the menu
i
[Music]
[Applause]
Y
to me
[Music]
or if I forgot the coach of
equipment and the weapons menu will be
transparent that I believe x weapons
already come with new sounds and take
new players as well as terrorists
as counter terrorist
the hands are edited by me
[Music]
good I hope and you liked to comment
subscribe like the video thanks
for your attention until the next video
bye Bye
[Music]